(wind blowing)
(squeaking)
(power lines buzzing)
(rattling)
(serene music playing)
(wind gently blowing)
♪
(birds chirping)
(power lines buzzing)
♪ ♪
Talulah:
(sighs) God, it's freezing here.
Ellie:
It's freezing at
home as well, Lu.
Talulah:
Yeah, but we're here.
-I mean, why?
-I told you, baby.
It's Ellie's birthday surprise.
It'll be great.
Do you know this place
is full of archaeology?
I read there were
Saxons there and Celts.
Even Vikings, Lu!
God, that sounds boring.
And the cottage I've got
us to stay is lovely.
It's really lovely.
Talulah:
(sighs) Archaeology's
just dead things.
-Shut up, you.
-You shut up.
Stop it!
Let's not argue, okay?
This is our little holiday,
just for us three,
so no fighting, alright?
Sorry, Mom.
Talulah:
You didn't even ask.
And I was getting
ready for school.
Helen:
Yeah, well, that's what
a surprise is, Lu.
Yeah. That's the reason.
Not 'cause Ellie went
all psycho in class.
Helen:
Hey! You've made
your point, Talulah.
You've made it for
the last 50 miles, alright?
And can you put that away,
please?
We're not spending
our entire holiday
looking at screens.
Jeez.
Talulah:
Anyway,
I thought we couldn't
afford to go away.
No.
No, I mean...
Things have been tight,
but we're not broke.
(quietly):
That's not what Gran said.
Helen:
What did Gran say?
Lu?
She said you couldn't make
the mortgage this month.
Well, don't listen to your Gran
'cause your Gran
is bloody mental.
(giggling)
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
Your go, Lu. "L."
Easy. Lamb.
-Helen: Ah.
-Lamb's not an animal.
Then what is it?
It's a baby sheep.
And that's an animal.
-She can't have "lamb."
-Talulah: Twenty points.
Helen:
Let her have "lamb," Ellie.
-I couldn't have "kitten."
-Helen: Come on!
You let her get
away with everything.
Helen:
Let her have "lamb."
(birds chirping)
Helen:
Oh my God! (laughs)
Wow!
Well, here we are!
(car stops)
Talulah:
A-are we driving on that?
Yeah! It's a causeway!
It was built by the Romans.
-It's gonna be great.
-That was a long time ago.
It's perfectly safe.
We're going to that island
over there. Can you see it?
It's called Osea.
Isn't it incredible?
We're gonna have so much
fun, aren't we? Yeah?
-(Talulah sighs)
-Helen: Huh?
Okay, here we go.
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
Ellie:
What happens when
the tide comes in?
Helen:
Well, then the road's closed.
Talulah:
What, you mean we're stuck?
(light strings playing)
♪
God, it's like
driving on the sea!
(chuckles)
(car bouncing)
It's really bumpy, Mom.
No, it's fine, darling.
It's very safe.
-(hard bounce)
-Ooh! Shit.
Hey! That's a swear.
You've only got two left.
(bouncing continues)
This is mad, driving on this.
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
Mom?
It's great,
isn't it?
I mean, it's atmospheric.
-It's creepy.
-Look, just...
-I don't like it, Mom.
-Helen: Give it a chance, Lu.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
Talulah:
What a dump.
♪ ♪
-(indistinct chatter)
-(man sobbing)
Talulah:
Is that man crying?
Helen:
It's not far now.
-(wind blowing)
-(birds chittering)
Helen:
See?
I think we're in that
cottage over there.
Isn't it beautiful?
Is there Wi-Fi?
-(sighs)
-Ellie: Mom, what about Gran?
She said she wanted to take
me to her Bible group tonight.
Yeah. She called.
It was canceled
'cause of the weather.
Really?
No, Ellie, I'm lying to you.
But don't you like all this?
Oh no. Yeah, I do.
-It's great, Mom.
-Great.
You two stay here
where it's warm,
and I'll go and sort
it all out, alright?
(wind whistling)
"Oh no.
Yeah, it's great, Mom."
(sighs)
(knocking)
-(leaves rustling)
-(cows lowing)
(knocking)
-(wind blowing)
-(lowing continues)
(tense music playing)
♪
-Man: Can I help you?
-Jesus Christ!
(laughing)
Shit! Oh my God!
Sorry!
You really scared me. Um,
sorry. Are you Alan?
I'm Helen. I'm booked
to stay here today.
-Today?
-Yeah.
-This is the cottage, right?
-No.
I mean yes, yes, it is.
It's just...
Look, you can't. Not today.
What?
No, I-I, um...
I booked it online
just this morning.
I've got the Airbnb
thing here--
I'm afraid it's not possible.
What do you mean
not possible?
I've driven from London.
I've got my kids in the car.
I've paid to stay
in this cottage.
Look, I-I don't
want any trouble.
-I beg your pardon?
-Just leave, please.
We'll refund you
the money.
It's not about
the fucking money!
I'm gonna report you.
If you don't let us in
this cottage right now,
I'm reporting you, okay?
Alright.
I really am very sorry.
-(wind blowing)
-(cows lowing)
Helen:
Hey!
Oh no, no.
You can't come in.
Look, I-I booked to
stay in this cottage.
No, that shouldn't
have happened.
We don't do
holiday lets no more.
We're done with that.
-He should've taken
it down off that thing.
-Yeah, well, he didn't!
And I've driven all
morning to get here,
and I've got two
kids in that car
who are cold
and hungry and tired!
Their dad was
white then, was he?
-Are you serious?
-Woman: The causeway
closes in two hours.
Go home.
Believe me,
it's for the best.
Tell me something.
When did you decide your
cottage wasn't available?
-Was it when you saw me?
-No! No!
It's nothing like that,
I swear. It's just...
Look, there's lots of lovely
places on the mainland--
Oh, fuck the mainland,
and fuck you!
I'm reporting you,
do you understand?
And believe me,
we are staying
on this island tonight.
(car door opens)
-What was all that about?
-(door shuts)
It was just a mix-up with
the booking, that's all.
They didn't look nice, Mom.
They were fine, hon.
They were lovely.
Just a--
Just a mix-up, that's all.
(sighs) But look!
Let's find somewhere
else, yeah?
(birds chirping)
(wind blowing)
What about, uh,
the hotel back there?
Talulah:
It looked shut. And creepy.
And doesn't that
sea road close soon?
No. We've still
got two hours, yeah?
But, what if we
don't find anywhere?
Helen:
Course we will.
This is England.
How about this?
We are gonna have ourselves
an adventure, right?
Just us three.
We're gonna find somewhere
really, really brilliant
-to stay on this island
within the next two hours--
-Talulah: Mom?
Hold on. Within
the next two hours,
and if we don't find anywhere,
then we'll go home.
What do you say?
(sighs)
I need a wee.
(doors shut)
(birds chirping)
Talulah:
It's too cold! I can't wee!
(wind blowing, trees creaking)
I would've been
okay today, Mom.
What I'm saying is...
you don't have to
worry about me...
at school.
Els!
This is your birthday surprise!
I planned it ages ago.
It's got nothing to do
with those stupid girls.
Look.
This year...
It's been really hard
on all three of us.
This holiday is
like a new start.
Just you, me, and Lu.
I want it to be special.
Will you help me?
Well,
I went for a wee,
but I think I might
need a poo now.
But, it can wait.
-(animal screeching)
-(birds flapping)
What was that?
Sounded like a cow.
Do they kill cows here?
Well, they...
they have farms.
And how do you think you get
your burgers? Get in the car.
Ellie:
Makes me wanna go vegetarian.
Talulah:
Makes me want a burger.
(birds chirping)
(dog barking)
Helen:
Okay! You both stay here.
And no screens, okay?
Thank you.
(door shuts)
(dog barking)
(tablet beeping)
(barking continues)
(metal creaking)
(clock ticking)
(indistinct chatter)
-Man 1: Me? What are
you talking about?
-Man 2: It's just in case.
Man 1:
I don't know if
I think like that.
Man 2:
I thought you knew
what you were doing.
Man 1:
Yeah, but not about
things like that.
What if it goes wrong?
I'm scared.
I don't wanna hurt anyone.
It's not others getting hurt
you should worry about.
Man 3:
There's no need for that.
Man 2:
There's no one
fucking talking to you.
♪ ♪
Sorry.
I was just, um...
You are doing this.
You are.
♪ ♪
I-I was, um... (sighs)
Sorry. I didn't mean to...
-Are you alright?
-Just a...
misunderstanding.
The boy...
is a tad abrasive.
But he means well.
Um...
I'm Janny.
(uncorks bottle, pouring)
I own this place.
(sighs)
I'm afraid you've caught us
at a moment of incapacity.
We're closed.
-(pouring)
-Right, okay, and,
um, when do you open?
No.
I mean, we're closed down.
-It's just I-I need a room.
-(pouring)
Is there anywhere
else that has rooms?
(sighs) No.
Not anymore.
-(sighs)
-What happened to your head?
A knock.
I was getting something
from the kitchen cupboard
and it fell out,
clumped me.
Silly really.
Lemme look at it for you.
(footsteps approaching)
(object clatters)
-(undoes seatbelt)
-Talulah: Hey! Mom said
to stay in the car!
♪ ♪
Hey! Hey!
Um, you dropped something.
What are you doing?
She... she dropped
this, and I...
Not you.
-(metal clinks)
-You think this is
a day for messing?
You're needed, fast.
Go on.
♪ ♪
And who are you?
Um, I'm Ellie.
I'm here with my mom.
And why are you here, Ellie?
A birthday surprise.
For me. Um...
It's my birthday
in two days.
Okay.
And how old will you be
in two days, Ellie?
-14.
-14...
That's a nice age.
♪ ♪
You know what that is?
That's a Sheela na gig.
You'll find them on churches
all over this country.
They're odd little things.
No one really knows
who put them there.
What do you think?
You like that?
Um, I should get back--
But, why this place
for your birthday?
My mom thinks
I like archaeology.
And do you?
You like archaeology?
-No? (laughs) Moms, eh?
-(Ellie laughs)
Look.
You ever seen anything
like this before?
What-- what is that?
Oh, I thought you didn't
like archaeology.
Well,
I sort of like it a bit.
This is Saxon.
♪ ♪
It's over 1,000 years old.
It's worth more than
everything on this island.
It's from the Battle of Maldon,
fought right here on Osea.
-Really?
-Really.
The Saxon Lord Byrhtnoth invited
4,000 Vikings to come over
and slaughter him
and all his men.
Invited them.
Total massacre.
Y-you know why he asked them
to come over and butcher him
and all his men?
Because it was meant.
And what's meant to happen
always happens on Osea,
no matter what.
Would you like to hold it?
♪ ♪
This is quite a nasty knock.
Are you a doctor?
No.
But I used to be a vet.
Mammalian flesh is
mammalian flesh, hm?
Such...
very kind hands.
Makes me wish
I were a Cockapoo.
(laughs)
(sips, sighs)
And what brings you
and your...
insanely tender
hands to Osea?
My, um...
-my daughter.
She loves archaeology.
-Ah.
We had a place to stay.
It was a lovely place.
Airbnb, but, um,
when we got here,
it suddenly became unavailable.
Almost like they didn't like
the look of me or something.
Oh no. No, dear.
No, the people here,
they're guilty of many sins,
but that's not one of them.
It's just been a...
tricky day.
Look.
I really need
somewhere to stay.
My girls have
been through a lot.
This has been, like,
a really tough year.
And we're on this break
and I can't afford it.
I really can't.
And I just need it
to be special.
I'm sorry.
I can't.
I just can't.
Why?
Why is it so important to you?
♪ ♪
I want them to feel good.
(chuckles)
Then leave.
(indistinct chatter)
(door opens)
Helen:
Hey! Hey! You!
-What did you say to her?!
-Larry: Excuse me?
"What did I say to her?"
No, Mom,
he was just--
Why are you talking
to my daughter?!
Ellie:
Mom, he was just
showing me something.
I have told you
not to talk!
-How many times have
I told you not to talk--
-Talk to what?
Get in the car, now.
She's 13, okay?
-13!
-Why are you telling me that?
Look, I-I'm not--
I'm just saying--
Why the fuck are
you telling me that?
What do you think I am?
Look, I'm not--
I'm not trying to offend--
Well, it's a bit late
for that now, cunt.
I'll call the police.
Yeah?
How long do you think it'll
take them to get here?
Man:
Larry!
She over-reacted,
that's all.
She was scared for her daughter.
(tense music playing)
We don't need any
nonsense. Not today.
Why the fuck are
you here, anyway?
Hey?
You okay?
♪ ♪
(tablet beeping)
(door slams)
What did I say
about screens?!
No screens! What did
I say about screens?!
Ellie:
Mom, Mom, it was okay--
No, it wasn't!
You don't know who he was!
You never know who anyone is!
Everyone is a stranger!
I have told you
hundreds of times!
It could be anyone! Any man!
Any man c--
(hyperventilating)
-What if I lost you?
What if I lost you, too?
-Mom.
-What if I lost you?
-Mom. Mom!
-(indistinct babbling)
-Ellie: We're here, okay?
Me and Talulah.
-(gasping)
-We're both here.
♪ ♪
We're here. We're all here.
(Helen gasping)
(waves washing ashore)
(wind blowing)
(bird chirping)
(trees creaking)
Talulah:
Do you think she's alright?
Ellie:
I think so.
She's just got this...
birthday thing in her head.
Like she has to
make it special.
Do you really wanna
stay here though?
I mean,
it feels just...
sad.
It'll be fine once she
finds us a place to stay.
(phone vibrating)
(opens, shuts glove compartment)
It's Gran.
Hi, Gran.
(indistinct phone chatter)
What?
No. But it's canceled.
(Gran continues, muffled)
But Mom said...
♪ ♪
(bird cawing)
(water flowing)
(sighs)
(sniffs)
(shivering)
(serene music playing)
♪ ♪
(bird squawking)
(music intensifies)
I think I found something.
-And...
-Talulah: Let me see.
-Wow.
-Talulah: I wanna see!
Let me see!
-Ellie: Is that
here on the island?
-Yes.
It's a new development
right here.
-Look at those huts, Lu!
-Do you stay in those?
Yeah! They got a mini spa
with a teensy tiny little pool.
(gasp) Cute!
It looks really good, Mom.
I think we
should try it.
Are the pools heated?
I don't know.
We'll have to find out.
-Can I play on
your phone, please?
-No. No.
-Why?
-Because I need it!
-(annoyed sigh)
-Alright, let's get going.
(wind blowing)
Okay. It's just up this road.
Talulah:
Okay.
What road?
-Helen: We must've
come the wrong way.
-Ellie: No.
This is what it says on Maps.
(birds chirping)
(sighs)
Mom, what
are you doing?
(leaves rustling)
(gasps)
I can see it, Els!
It's not far at all!
We can just cross this bit,
and we'll be there in,
like, five minutes.
Ellie:
Maybe we shouldn't.
-Maybe we should just go.
-Oh, come on, Ellie.
We're only five minutes away.
The causeway doesn't close
for half an hour.
There'll be plenty of time
to come back and leave
if we don't like it.
-Talulah: Can we go?
-Come on! This is fun!
(giggling)
-This way!
-Talulah: Okay.
(light guitar playing)
♪ ♪
(waves washing ashore)
Hurry up!
Oh, lazy Ellie!
Please don't take me out!
♪ ♪
Thank you, my darling.
Talulah:
What are we doing for
the rest of the day, Mom?
♪ ♪
(waves washing ashore)
(indistinct chatter)
♪ ♪
(plastic crinkling)
(crinkling continues)
Mom, I need a poo.
Mom, I said I needed a poo!
Alright, Lu.
(wind blowing)
Helen:
(sighs) Okay, um...
Okay, let's try over here.
-Wait! Wait!
-(door opens)
(wind whistling)
-Helen: Lu.
-Talulah: Oh, Mom!
(door slams)
(wind continues)
Come on, Lu.
I'll just be a sec, okay?
Helen:
(sighs) Come on.
Lu.
Talulah:
Ugh, the toilet
seat's really cold.
Helen:
Alright, then just hover.
Talulah:
There's no toilet paper.
Helen:
Alright, there you go.
You need to wash your hands
when you're finished.
-Talulah: Okay.
-Helen: I'll just be outside.
(creaking)
(exhales)
(wind blowing)
(creaking)
(tense music playing)
♪ ♪
(plastic crinkling)
(sighs)
Ellie?
Ellie?!
♪ ♪
(tense music continues)
(creaking)
(crinkling)
(wind blowing)
♪ ♪
(creaking)
Mom!
-(plastic opening)
-Ellie!
♪ ♪
Come on.
(ominous music playing)
(wind blowing)
(heavy breathing)
(door slams)
♪ ♪
Preacher:
Bring the love of Christ
into this place.
Surround us in it,
enter this world.
(indistinct whispering)
(heavy breathing)
(speaking Latin)
Bring me your hate
and your soul.
(speaking Latin)
Bring me your love and your--
(knocking)
(door opens)
-Well?
-Jason: Janny's drunk.
-Blind drunk.
-Preacher: Are you serious?
Oh, shit! Oh no!
-Mimir: Calm down!
-Preacher: Calm down?
We can't do this.
We need another plan.
Mimir:
It's fine. This is all
what is meant to be.
This is not fine.
She might not survive.
-We could go to prison--
-(slap)
Mimir:
Coward! Filthy coward!
Whose side are you on?
-You know whose side--
-You chose your side.
You're with us.
Janny obviously chose them.
He'll be dealt with.
Now, you do what
needs to be done.
(woman screaming in distance)
(plastic crinkling)
♪ ♪
-Talulah: Who were those men?
-Helen: We need to go. Come on.
(indistinct chatter)
(wind blowing)
Preacher:
If she wants to, let her out.
Jason:
She's staying in
the fucking car!
(woman screaming)
(dramatic music playing)
(panting)
Run!
(fence rattling)
-Come on! Come on! Come on!
-(grunting)
-(fence rattling)
-Come on!
♪ ♪
-(panting)
-Ellie: Mom, that wasn't a cow!
Helen:
I know, hon! We're leaving!
Talulah:
What's going on? I'm scared.
Helen:
It's okay, Lu! We're leaving
this place, I promise!
-Talulah: Ah!
-(thud)
(panting)
Helen:
Come on, Lu, we just need
to get to the car. Come on.
-Ellie: Is this the way we came?
-Helen: Uh, yeah, I think so.
We've got 11 minutes.
We still got time.
-(squish)
-(grunts)
-Mom!
-Shit.
-Hold onto me. Hold onto me.
-(crying)
-Ellie, gimme your hand.
Gimme your hand.
-My shoe!
Helen:
Forget it.
It's gone now. Come on.
-Come on.
The car's just up here.
-Talulah: Why?!
♪ ♪
It's okay! We're here.
We made it.
-(birds chirping)
-(panting)
(wind blowing)
Did...
Did they steal it?
Gimme your phone.
(panting)
Um...
It's in the glove
compartment.
And yours
was charging.
(wind blowing)
(sighs)
(crows cawing)
-Talulah: Mom, I'm hungry!
-Helen: Yeah, we'll get
something soon, love.
Talulah:
Hey, this is where
that man was crying.
-Mom, what are you doing?
-Helen: Don't worry.
They were leaving.
Talulah:
What are you doing?
-What are you doing, Mom?
-(lock rattling)
Mom!
-Ellie: Mom!
-Talulah: What are you doing?!
Wha-- We're breaking in?!
-Ellie: What if they come back?
-They're not coming back.
(unlocking)
(door creaking)
Talulah:
We're burglaring.
This is burglary!
Helen:
No, it's not burglaring if
we don't take anything.
(light switch clicking)
Fuck. The power's off.
-(door shuts)
-Talulah: Hey, that's
your last swear.
-Ellie: Mom, what are we doing?
-Uh...
Um, we're gonna find
a phone and get help.
(opening drawers)
Ellie:
There's no phone in here.
Talulah:
Maybe they just use mobiles.
Okay, okay, uh...
We're just gonna wait here
until the causeway opens.
Here? It's freezing!
Just stay down here.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
Come here.
Ellie,
why are we here?
Why didn't we leave?
(heavy breathing)
(tense music playing)
♪ ♪
(bumps door, walks away)
Ellie:
Mom?
Hm?
Why did we come here?
I told you, baby.
For your birthday.
I'm not into
archaeology anymore.
I haven't been
since year 7.
Well...
I thought you liked it.
You know I don't.
I don't.
Gran called.
I spoke to her.
(sighs)
Okay, look...
I'm sorry I lied,
alright? But...
You know I don't like
all that religious stuff.
She pumped me full
of it as a kid, and...
-And yeah, I get that
you're interested--
-Stop it, Mom.
-Ellie, I'm just trying--
-Just...
stop, Mom.
Okay? Just stop lying.
Are you scared
I'm a bad person?
What?
It was just--
It was a stupid fight.
And I can go back to school,
you know?
Nothing's gonna happen.
No.
God, no, Els.
I know you're
not a bad person.
Listen to me.
Jesus Christ...
Those girls, alright?
Those stupid
fucking girls...
they've not been through
what you've been through,
what we've been through.
They think I'm... weird.
-Who cares what they think?
-Me.
I care.
Oh, Els, baby.
-Come here.
-(sniffle)
♪ ♪
Look at her.
Her hand's like ice.
Lu? Lu.
Lu, wake up. Wake up! Lulu?
Talulah, wake up.
Wake up, baby.
-Wake up. Sweetheart, wake up.
-(groaning)
We cannot do this.
We're going somewhere warm.
Come on, baby. Walk for Mommy.
♪ ♪
(door opens)
(pub chatter)
(chatter stops)
(door shuts)
-Go over there by the fire.
-Is it okay, Mom?
Yeah, it's fine, hon.
Just go and get warm.
Sorry. We're not open--
-We need a room.
-Oh.
-Well, we don't do
rooms anymore.
-We're not going.
We're not going anywhere.
We're staying right here.
Right, well,
it's not really--
Look, I don't care
what's going on, alright?
Whatever's happening in this
place, I'm not interested
in your arguments,
or your fights,
or the stuff you do.
It doesn't matter to me at all.
But, I have been all over
this fucking island,
and no one will give us a room.
My daughters are freezing.
-(fire crackling)
-Our car was stolen!
Oh, not stolen.
Can't be stolen.
Yeah, it was stolen, which
means we don't even have that.
So we're staying
by that fire all night.
And if you don't want that,
then you're gonna have
to pick us up, throw us out,
and watch as we die
against your front door.
You'll be
wanting dinner.
Mr. Martin:
Love?
Well, it's not the right time.
What, are you gonna
chuck 'em out, idiot?
Think, for fuck's sake.
Your girls?
Yeah, we can
give you a room.
You'll get something
to eat and then sleep.
-You'll be warm.
-Helen: Wait.
(pub murmuring)
Are we safe?
-What?
-I was at that Shoreside place.
There were these medical things,
and we-- we heard screaming.
Everyone here is acting like
something bad's gonna happen.
What do you think's
happening here?
It's just childbirth,
that's all.
What do you mean childbirth?
We've got a woman
in labor on Osea.
She wants to have it here.
We can do that.
I've done it me-self, but...
what you saw was just
medical equipment
in case of an emergency.
But now, our medic's gone
and gotten himself arseholed.
Safest thing would be to
take her to the mainland,
but she's refused that,
and now we're just praying that
her stupidity doesn't kill her.
I saw something
else in that place.
Well, we've had our
customs for years.
They ain't pretty, but I'm not
fucking apologizing for 'em.
Car wasn't stolen, it was towed.
They need clear access.
I'll call Danny and he'll be
back here within the hour.
So we're safe here then?
Burgers alright?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Mr. Martin:
You go get yourself
all warmed up.
(pub chatter continues)
♪ ♪
-(fire crackling)
-Ellie: So good.
Talulah:
So good. It's so
chocolatey and nice.
-(happy gasp)
-Mr. Martin: You warm enough?
-Thank you!
-Mr. Martin: I hope you're
hungry. Here we go.
-Is there anything
else I can get you?
-Ellie: Thank you.
No, that's great.
Thank you. Thanks so much.
(chuckles)
(laughing)
(fire crackling)
(laughter continues)
(indistinct chatter)
-Is it good?
-It's all over your face!
♪ ♪
Yeah, sorry about that.
It's just...
Come on, girls,
get your stuff. Come on.
(door creaks)
-(Helen chuckles)
-Talulah: Oh, this is the best!
Booga booga!
(laughing)
Talulah:
OMG!
-Helen: You happy?
-Lu (sarcastic): No, I'm not!
-Obviously, I'm happy!
-Helen: Oh, good.
Talulah:
Can I sleep in my clothes?
-Helen: No.
-Talulah: Why not?
-Helen: 'Cause you're
just being lazy.
-(indistinct)
♪ ♪
(crunching)
No. No, Lu.
-Brush longer.
-I did. I brushed loads.
-Well, did you floss?
-(sighs)
Floss.
-(scoffs)
-Go on!
(thunder rumbling)
(rain falling)
♪ ♪
(bag zipping)
Talulah:
Happy?
Delighted.
Talulah:
Are we going home
in the morning, Mom?
-Helen: We'll see, baby.
-Talulah: We'll see?
Helen:
Well, it's all
fine now, isn't it?
And it's Els' birthday treat.
(rain continues)
Okay, we'll see in the morning.
I promise, okay?
But now, we...
sleep!
(sighs) Right!
-I'm in the middle!
-(laughter)
(clicking)
(sighs)
(indistinct whispering)
-Helen: Um, excuse me!
-Ellie: Pack it in.
-Helen: No screens in bed! No!
-(groan)
No, Lu! Give it to me.
-Give it.
-(laughs)
Talulah:
Alright, alright, God...
♪ ♪
MR. MARTIN:
This is a loving place.
If there's anything
we can do for you, anything...
Well, actually there is.
♪ (INTENSE MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
Do you know this man?
He's my husband.
He hasn't been here.
I'm sorry.
HELEN:
Sam is not well.
MRS MARTIN:
Start a new life.
Don't look back.
Do you know
what's going on here?
WOMAN:
Things are out of balance.
And you can heal it.
-HELEN: Sam, have you seen him?
-No stupid questions.
♪ (MUSIC INTENSIFIES) ♪
Why are you lying?
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪